README.md, before:

# About
MRI Ruby program for reading the contents of a Yahoo News Group

# Usage
1. Update bin/yahoo.rb to contain Yahoo username, password
2. Create a data folder (mkdir ./data)
3. Update the range of messages to be downloaded in bin/yahoo.rb
4. Exec bin/yahoo.rb (e.g. Unix ./bin/yahoo.rb)

# Analyzing the Newsgroup Content
## Open Calais
The OpenCalais Web Service automatically creates rich semantic metadata for the content you submit – in well under a second. Using natural language processing (NLP), machine learning and other methods, Calais analyzes your document and finds the entities within it. But, Calais goes well beyond classic entity identification and returns the facts and events hidden within your text as well.

* http://www.opencalais.com/documentation/calais-web-service-api

## Zemanta
Zemanta's core technology is widely acclaimed as one of the best semantic recommendations engines on the market.

* http://www.zemanta.com/outreach/technology/

## Example
To illustrate these tools, paste the text of one of the downloaded messages into 
 
* http://viewer.opencalais.com/
* http://www.zemanta.com/demo/

Commit message:

added Open Amplify and description of yaml usage

README.md, after:

# About
MRI Ruby program for reading the contents of a Yahoo News Group

# Usage
1. Update the configuration file 'yahoo.yml' to use your Yahoo login id, password, desired group name, etc
2. Update the range of messages to be downloaded in bin/yahoo.rb
3. Exec bin/yahoo.rb (e.g. Unix ./bin/yahoo.rb)

# Analyzing the Newsgroup Content
## Open Calais
The OpenCalais Web Service automatically creates rich semantic metadata for the content you submit – in well under a second. Using natural language processing (NLP), machine learning and other methods, Calais analyzes your document and finds the entities within it. But, Calais goes well beyond classic entity identification and returns the facts and events hidden within your text as well.

* http://www.opencalais.com/documentation/calais-web-service-api

## Open Amplify 
The OpenAmplify Web Service is the first and only of its kind. It exposes, via an open API, 250 man-years of development effort in a web service based upon more than a dozen granted patents. OpenAmplify simply does a better job of surfacing the meaning of web content, at massive scale and speed. Here's an overview of the thinking and technology that makes it possible.

* http://www.openamplify.com/technology

## Zemanta 
Note, Zemanta does not provide a programmable interface

Zemanta's core technology is widely acclaimed as one of the best semantic recommendations engines on the market.

* http://www.zemanta.com/outreach/technology/

## Example
To illustrate these tools, paste the text of one of the downloaded messages into 
 
* http://viewer.opencalais.com/
* http://openamplify.com/
* http://www.zemanta.com/demo/
